seno	hay
sexualita	sexuality
bezplatný	free
míchání	agitation
šplhat	climb
holocaust	Holocaust
kázání	sermon
pověstný	notorious
zatvářit	look
zneužívat	abuse
adekvátní	suitable
figurovat	figure
junior	junior
Leo	Leo
odnášet	carry away
tvořený	formed
závodní	competitive
detailní	detailed
Husajn	Hussein
ponětí	idea
rádiový	radio
transplantace	transplantation
zdvořilý	polite
odněkud	from somewhere
příchozí	arrival
vyhradit	reserve
zlom	fault
zrcátko	mirror
devizový	Foreign Exchange
Elisabeth	Elisabeth
knihkupectví	bookstore
ožít	come back to life
přežívat	surviving
ucelený	integrated
víko	cover
dlužný	due
dráždit	tease
Jondalar	Jondalar
konzultace	consultation
líc	obverse
obuv	shoes
řezný	cutting
sekta	sect
totožný	identical
Irena	Irena
Karviná	Karvina
prodávající	seller
Blair	Blair
Blšany	Blšany
certifikát	certificate
empirický	empirical
léčebna	Treatment Center
lednička	refrigerator
zpochybnit	to challenge
asistence	assistance
Kamila	Kamila
lak	varnish
osmnáctý	eighteenth
rázně	sharply
banda	gang
desetina	tenth
Nick	Nick
podlít	basted
úbytek	decrease
většinový	Majority
op	op
Petra	Petra
pochybný	doubtful
prokurátor	prosecutor
recepce	reception
úsporný	saving
váhání	hesitation
baba	hag
diskriminace	discrimination
José	José
pohlednice	postcards
porušovat	violate
VI	VI
vrcholový	top
vychladnout	cool
vyšetřit	examine
Zuzi	Zuzi
dříví	wood
epocha	epoch
kuchařka	cookbook
odbyt	sales
pitva	autopsy
prezidentův	president
ubytovna	hostel
zhoubný	malignant
pověřený	authorized
souvislý	coherent
kožní	cutaneous
ss	ss
starověký	ancient
uvařený	boiled
vyústit	result
černobílý	black and white
Havlíčkův	Havlíčkův
hrozivý	threatening
ohlížet	looking back
pojistit	insure
porcelán	porcelain
ventil	valve
zmiňovaný	mentioned
Abrahám	Abraham
cpát	Ram
homosexuální	gay
Jenny	Jenny
kancelářský	office
konzervatoř	conservatory
nepokoj	restlessness
padlý	fallen
rezoluce	resolution
ukrývat	shelter
živina	nutritive
nůžky	scissors
zneužít	misuse
ničivý	destructive
penzión	guesthouse
relace	session
testovat	test
bezvědomí	unconsciousness
del	del
fráze	phrases
kázat	preach
kráska	beauty
ohrada	fence
optimistický	optimistic
Pega	Pega
prut	rod
zasvěcený	sacred
zdůvodnit	justify
betlém	crib
lákavý	seductive
lékařka	doctor
nářek	lament
poznávací	cognitive
rozpačitě	sheepishly
sestupovat	go down
so	with
AIDS	AIDS
hradní	castle
oblíbit	take to
řádit	rage
úsvit	dawn
jídelní	dining
prvoligový	first league
zmítat	convulse
emocionální	Emotional
hospodář	husbandman
nadání	talent
ochutnat	sample
šampión	champion
vnitrozemí	inland
zhoršovat	worsen
způsobilost	qualification
odveta	reprisal
oslabení	weakening
uvěznit	jail
vztáhnout	relate
dospívající	teenage
dotyk	touch
podzemí	underground
skladiště	storehouse
střídání	alternation
uzdravit	cure
zavítat	visit
střih	cut
břišní	abdominal
páchnout	stink
pozemkový	landed
požehnání	blessing
problémový	offending
úplatek	bribe
budka	booth
idiot	idiot
něha	tenderness
oprávněně	justly
provázek	string
přednést	perform
roucho	robe
slina	spittle
metodický	methodical
motorista	motorist
redukovat	reduce
deformace	deformation
evidentně	obviously
Chorvatsko	Croatia
koupaliště	swimming pool
Krumlov	Krumlov
mlátit	thresh
opomenout	omit
vynášet	exalt
zuřivě	ferociously
agresivita	aggressiveness
laserový	Laser
viceprezident	vice-president
vystavět	erect
zápal	inflammation
argumentace	argumentation
čí	whose
Flick	Flick
jihovýchod	southeast
obnovitelný	renewable
opřený	leaning
týdenní	weekly
institucionální	Institutional
Jiřina	Dahlia
podílový	podílový
renomovaný	renowned
Florencie	Florence
laik	layman
Sobotka	Sobotka
vyčlenit	earmark
vykřikovat	shout
molo	pier
sousto	morsel
zájmový	interest
ego	ego
Jimmy	Jimmy
opilec	drunk
přemítat	ruminate
Sabina	Sabina
tribunál	tribunal
vak	bag
znemožnit	make impossible
aukce	auction
Dostál	Dostal
kouzelník	magician
misionář	missionary
nervozita	nervousness
preferovat	favor
přehánět	exaggerate
puma	puma
punčocha	stocking
regulovat	regulate
Schröder	Schröder
vyráběný	produced
zaplést	embroil
hlouček	knot
chlup	hair
patron	patron
televizor	television set
esej	essay
lyžování	skiing
mostecký	Most,
propagovat	propagate
stárnout	age
bizarní	bizarre
Luděk	Ludek
psychika	psyche
vrcholit	culminate
zabalený	packed
klávesa	key
otevřenost	openness
poskakovat	flounce
převrat	putsch
citát	quote
četa	squad
chrámový	Temple
Laura	Laura
mravenec	ant
nastartovat	start
pětkrát	five times
přísaha	oath
půjčovat	lend
sociologie	sociology
újma	harm
uzávěr	cap
rvačka	melee
nabírat	scoop
očko	eyelet
počest	honor
průjezd	passage
teror	terror
traktor	tractor
Dušan	Dusan
chodívat	chodívat
osušit	dry
strouhanka	breadcrumbs
variace	variations
imunita	immunity
leknout	frightened
strávený	Spent
udělovat	grant
aréna	arena
ctít	venerate
prestiž	prestige
vzrušovat	excite
zhotovit	make
Mareš	Mares
milá	dear
nadějný	hopeful
řadový	serial
sevřený	pent
účinkovat	have an effect
vinohrad	vineyard
zrno	grain
překážet	interfere
příslušet	lie with
přít	dispute
zabloudit	stray
zaparkovaný	parked
žrát	eat
cement	cement
měděný	coppery
mozaika	mosaic
schovaný	secret
stupnice	scale
úklid	cleanup
Volkswagen	Volkswagen
zákonodárce	legislator
polít	spill
popovídat	chat
prastarý	immemorial
mračno	cloud
testování	Testing
velmoc	superpower
zahrnující	inclusive
doplňkový	supplementary
islám	Islam
kuřecí	chicken
Luboš	Lubos
Wally	Wally
hedvábí	silk
paralelní	parallel
povídal	said
rozpětí	span
cítění	sentiment
ochranka	security
patent	patent
perský	Persian
slabina	weakness
sněm	parliament
stoprocentní	wholly owned
UK	UK
Boris	Boris
myslitelný	thinkable
natahovat	wind up
navrch	top
obrovitý	monstrous
popravit	execute
týn	týn
hřebík	nail
nesouhlas	disagreement
tlumený	subdued
ublížení	hurt
Wagner	Wagner
upřený	fixed
Ajla	Ajla
Jarmila	Jarmila
nájezd	raid
prvně	first
přisvědčit	agree with
půlhodina	half an hour
rezignace	resignation
šíře	width
vystavovatel	exhibitor
zavěšený	suspended
metafora	metaphor
ovládaný	operated
Pablo	Pablo
přídavek	encore
recese	recession
schválně	on purpose
Srb	Serb
upozornění	notice
vločka	flake
anténa	antenna
diplomacie	diplomacy
docílit	attain
dohadovat	arguing
náklonnost	affection
nálet	raid
umírající	dying
napojit	connect
pondělní	Monday
silueta	silhouette
duha	rainbow
Johnson	Johnson
nájemní	lease
trojúhelník	triangle
vyváznout	escape
Č	No.
geometrický	geometrical
kardinál	cardinal
UEFA	UEFA
vyvrátit	refute
Slávek	Mussels
uklonit	bow
žádaný	desired
civět	gape
evoluce	Evolution
novinový	newspaper
referát	paper
uvažování	thinking
vyslanec	envoy
zmást	confound
loďka	boat
oprávnit	authorize
šít	sew
škůdce	pest
zabavit	confiscate
autonomní	autonomous
konkurenceschopnost	Competitiveness
kubánský	Cuban
pokrájený	chopped
vnést	bring
zamčený	locked
Bohemians	Bohemians
optimalizace	Optimization
uškodit	harm
vyhovující	satisfactory
France	France
hloub	depth
Lisa	Lisa
odebírat	subscribe
stažený	downloaded
župan	bathrobe
totalitní	totalitarian
zmenšovat	shrink
objetí	hug
požární	fire
skalnatý	rocky
spoušť	release
vlastenecký	patriotic
atribut	attribute
koeficient	coefficient
lilek	eggplant
seznamovat	to acquaint
služebník	servant
velikonoční	Easter
agrese	aggression
kmitočet	frequency
konsolidační	Consolidation
sestávat	consist of
specializovat	specialize
zárodek	fetus
duševně	intellectually
procesor	processor
roztáhnout	stretch
hliníkový	Aluminum
jitro	morning
kultus	kultus
dozorce	supervisor
kukuřice	corn
r	r
udát	happen
bál	worried
derby	Derby
dochovat	dochovat
dostih	race
ekolog	ecologist
fragment	fragment
končina	region
reliéf	relief
sanace	redevelopment
vesta	vest
Klausův	Klaus
matrace	mattress
meziročně	year
nastrouhaný	grated
pěchota	infantry
prodaný	sold
přemístit	move
realizovaný	realized
rozložení	decomposition
usedlost	homestead
aktovka	satchel
beránek	lamb
Beroun	Beroun
džíny	jeans
federativní	federative
kožich	fur
vklouznout	slip into
fax	fax
inu	inu
koncový	end
penis	penis
vdaný	married
bublina	bubble
knír	mustache
Major	Major
orientační	tentative
poddaný	subject
ukládání	saving
ukrytý	hidden
pokazit	ruin
stotisíc	one hundred thousand
zletilý	an adult
Alfréd	Alfred
předání	handover
vynaložit	expend
vztyčit	raise
Kučera	Curl
nádherně	beautifully
namočit	soak
normalizace	normalization
potrat	abortion
přízvuk	accent
pšenice	wheat
útulek	shelter
utvářet	shape
Z	Z
dekorace	decoration
hrstka	handful
plošný	printed
podepisovat	sign
postačit	suffice
pružnost	flexibility
Ulrika	Ulrika
velkoměsto	city
vztekle	Angrily
blues	blues
Clinton	Clinton
kandidátský	candidate
laskavost	kindness
rehabilitace	rehabilitation
vůl	ox
vysloužit	earn
manipulovat	handle
pop	pop
sestup	descent
Jules	Jules
komnata	Chamber
koncentrační	Concentration
obrněný	armored
Sýrie	Syria
tázat	ask
versus	versus
vypůjčit	borrow
dotazník	questionnaire
hnusný	beastly
kontaktovat	contact
sliznice	mucous membrane
splácet	repay
svérázný	racy
šikmý	oblique
balit	packing
vstřelit	score
vyčíslit	quantify
hořčice	mustard
Ignácius	Ignatius
kolona	column
stočit	coil
tenista	tennis player
vyčerpání	exhaustion
faraón	Pharaoh
psychicky	psychically
rozený	born
sameček	mate
stěhování	migration
zahodit	throw away
zvěst	rumor
dioda	Diode
hrdě	proudly
mnout	rub
mýt	wash
nechuť	aversion
překladatel	translator
říšský	imperial
střelecký	Shooting
talentovaný	talented
těžiště	center of gravity
troufnout	venture
utrácet	spending
závist	envy
Federico	Federico
stolička	stool
vinařský	Wine
zničehonic	out of nowhere
zvrátit	reverse
českomoravský	Českomoravský
kázeň	discipline
krytina	covering
kulomet	machine-gun
kupé	coupe
maršál	marshal
předpovídat	forecast
revize	review
rezidence	residence
sklánět	bow
srpnový	August
tuhle	this
uhnout	duck
expedice	expedition
Letná	Letná
mramorový	marble
narůst	increase
obsazený	occupied
šílenec	madman
hraný	Feature
logo	logo
Mirek	Mirek
občerstvení	refreshment
odlišit	distinguish
otravovat	bother
prosperita	prosperity
převrátit	overturn
zarostlý	ingrowing
blbost	crap
emigrant	emigrant
hypoteční	Mortgage
míček	ball
nádech	tint
řezník	butcher
skladování	storage
povýšit	upgrade
putování	pilgrimage
seskupení	groupings
zhlédnout	holiday
Napoleon	Napoleon
klepat	knock
velryba	whale
žalovat	sue
lanovka	cableway
lešení	scaffolding
nadávka	invective
reflexe	Reflection
tatra	Tatra
implementace	implementation
Miles	Miles
narušení	disruption
sekretariát	secretariat
taxikář	cabbie
tyčinka	stamen
zatelefonovat	call up
doručit	deliver
filmař	film maker
mech	moss
promyšlený	thought-out
svačina	Snack
Michaela	Michaela
poslušný	submissive
vypátrat	track down
civilista	civilian
dohlédnout	to see
izolovat	isolate
lhostejnost	indifference
naléhavě	urgently
pánský	men
polární	polar
převážný	major
úrodný	fertile
klimatický	climatic
Mister	Mister
přicházející	coming
celer	celery
filharmonie	philharmonic
krystal	crystal
Kryštof	Kitts
třít	rub
uhličitý	carbonic
vyléčit	cure
zmrzlina	ice cream
Bohemia	Bohemia
brzdit	brake
cestovatel	traveler
demonstrant	demonstrator
kamsi	somewhere
lopatka	scoop
měď	copper
Mozart	Mozart
podpatek	heel
porovnávat	Compare
přistěhovalec	immigrant
souhrn	summary
hypermarket	hypermarket
kazatel	preacher
povedený	hilarious
rozplynout	go by the board
typicky	typically
zatížit	encumber
evidovat	register
kriminál	jail
Kristián	Kristian
nakladatel	publisher
FC	FC
francouzsky	French
kmín	cumin
ošetřovatelka	nurse
salám	salami
sójový	soya
tvaroh	curd
jednatel	secretary
náhodně	casually
olovo	lead
poslušně	obediently
požitek	pleasure
připevnit	fasten
systematicky	systematically
žárlivost	jealousy
čtvrtfinále	Quarterfinals
diskusní	discussion
katastrofální	disastrous
Mike	Mike
Pavla	Pavla
protivný	disagreeable
rebel	rebel
udržování	upkeep
vodítko	guide
vytrvale	steadily
efektivita	effectiveness
něčí	someone
nejeden	many
odsuzovat	condemn
podceňovat	underestimated
vyhřátý	heated up
izolační	insulating
jednorázový	disposable
jihoafrický	South African
jižně	south
nauka	science
odlehlý	remote
Antonio	Antonio
koupel	bath
Pákistán	Pakistan
procesní	procedural
puk	puck
učiliště	training institution
hráčka	player
krutost	cruelty
strejček	Uncle
utvořit	form
zdánlivý	apparent
brazilský	Brazilian
čistírna	laundry
napadený	attacked
obklopený	Surrounded
odříznout	cut off
porodní	Birth
Post	Post
prostorný	spacious
CZ	GB
diktátor	dictator
hliněný	earthen
Kafka	Kafka
libovat	Thriving
podmínit	subject
primář	senior consultant
prohrávat	losing
užitkový	utilitarian
vysypat	dump
ema	ema
plíseň	blight
prověřovat	check
stařík	old man
zraky	eyes
žasnout	marvel
akvizice	acquisitions
Balkán	Balkans
nedorozumění	misunderstanding
třináctý	thirteenth
recyklace	recycling
Pierre	Pierre
strašit	haunt
Viktoria	Viktoria
ženich	groom
houpat	swing
napadení	attack
nasazený	pitched
prémie	bonus
přenosový	Transmission
rozevřít	unfold
támhle	there
vzkázat	send word
odpuštění	forgiveness
přídavný	additional
říčka	creek
vydavatelství	Publishing
bankomat	ATM
Celia	Celia
chorvatský	Croatian
koňak	cognac
milování	love
takt	tact
alpa	ALP
flétna	flute
myslivec	gamekeeper
poetický	poetic
pramenit	spring
rozebírat	analyze
rozloučená	Separated
El	El
chvilička	half a minute
přehnat	overstate
rozmanitost	diversity
zastaralý	obsolete
lido	lido
podělit	share
přeplněný	crowded
svázaný	tied
bojiště	battlefield
nálepka	sticker
nebožtík	deceased
Parkhill	Parkhill
polknout	gulp
publikovaný	published
rukojmí	hostage
rychlostní	Speed
štěně	puppy
kdoví	who knows
neznámý	unknown
Palacký	Palacky
předávání	transmission
sedat	subside
tělocvična	gym
tlama	muzzle
avenue	avenue
měnící	changing
provždy	forever
černošský	Negro
doména	domain
kondice	fitness
příval	gush
relevantní	relevant
Ruda	Ore
sériový	serial
flóra	flora
kodex	code
mající	having
polykat	swallow
vytrvalý	unremitting
význačný	outstanding
zvrat	reversal
číhat	watch
Hynek	Hynek
inženýrský	Engineering
pohledný	comely
recenze	review
světle	light
udělení	conferment
usnadňovat	facilitate
znepokojovat	worry
dosažitelný	achievable
přenechat	leave
štvát	chase
znásilnění	rape
zrudnout	blush
Budapešť	Budapest
léčivý	medicinal
ponechávat	leave
poplach	alarm
tvořící	forming
vytlačit	squeeze out
hruška	pear
ilegální	illegal
klíček	sprout
krajně	extremely
odhodlání	resolve
rosický	Rosicky
rytmický	rhythmic
dokumentární	documentary
frakce	faction
Julius	Julius
krůček	step
narušovat	disturb
pohánět	actuate
rafinovaný	refined
uživit	make a living
ambiciózní	ambitious
chladně	coldly
kašlat	cough
vyjímat	remove
děkan	dean
legitimní	legitimate
mák	poppy
přizpůsobovat	customize
snědý	swarthy
učedník	apprentice
vyřizovat	transact
zablokovat	block
kometa	comet
Ludmila	Ludmila
napomoci	help
švestka	plum
troška	touch
Angela	Angela
Dieter	Dieter
chladno	cold
severozápad	northwest
zabiják	killer
zasednout	sit
zástupkyně	Deputy
cvrček	cricket
dravý	predatory
drogový	drug
samostatnost	independence
sklopit	folded
propagační	Promotional
Svěrák	Vice
zabraňovat	obstruct
oblastní	regional
součinnost	cooperation
pokraj	brink
účelný	effective
zaparkovat	park
klávesnice	keyboard
mítink	rally
montážní	assembly
rozzářit	shine
signalizovat	signaling
zahalit	enshroud
zbarvení	coloring
zbožňovat	idolize
Candy	Candy
nadsázka	hyperbole
pětatřicet	thirty-five
podlaží	storey
pokora	humility
poškozovat	harm
privátní	Private
želva	turtle
odměnit	reward
přemluvit	coax
sedávat	sit
sekretář	secretary
vernisáž	opening
zubní	dental
movitý	movable
National	National
oddat	marry
propuknout	burst out
razantní	penetrative
římsa	cornice
žebrák	beggar
archeolog	archaeologist
kriticky	critically
obvodní	District
přemýšlení	thinking
splatnost	maturity
vděčnost	gratitude
Barbora	Barbora
kamínek	stone
Luke	Luke
Srbsko	Serbia
zástěra	apron
čeleď	family
Toyota	Toyota
vyhodnotit	evaluate
výpočetní	computational
brouk	beetle
Jozef	Jozef
klenot	gem
Nobelův	Nobel
obratný	adroit
okrást	rob
underground	underground
vyvážit	outweigh
vyznamenání	commendation
květinový	floral
laso	lasso
minus	minus
obklad	poultice
sjednotit	unite
zabezpečovat	securing
západoevropský	Western European
instrument	instrument
máj	May
manévr	maneuver
referenční	Reference
únosný	bearable
vzdor	defiance
zpětně	retroactively
dědičný	hereditary
kopyto	hoof
myslitel	thinker
nakazit	infect
naskytnout	present itself
navazující	follow
PC	PC
řidičský	driving
sametový	velvety
vyvodit	draw
zástava	pledge
doplněný	complete
eliminovat	eliminate
Linda	Linda
meziroční	YoY
náležitost	requirement
polička	shelf
tleskat	applaud
vnitřně	internally
zubař	dentist
zvolení	election
Bosna	Bosnia
kop	kick
kousnout	bite
legrační	funny
poklička	lid
pokračující	ongoing
povel	command
rozhled	outlook
vodorovný	horizontal
zázvor	ginger
bavorský	Bavarian
dědic	heir
imunitní	Immune
jablonecký	Jablonec
